let's talk about some real gossip and let's
leave history alone
okay
listen to me see this
look what he's dressed as
rebor I didn't realize he was
dressed like that the other day trust you because in the
end what least look is that I recorded a
video even for the main channel eh
but I didn't realize so I assume
not as a clown no
[ __ ] of Fidel Castro real quick he
was there
eh as a guerrilla as a soldier of
Conway well let's see the other
day there was
[Music]
a somewhat encrypted message it
was or is a friend of the El capo Felipe
Dayo [ __ ] Well there was no gossip
today with those people eh
He should have commented but it's that he
doesn't comment on those things no I mean he hasn't
commented for example what Felipe did
with Francua or that one come out for example if it
was
powerful it's that I don't know that I really dislike him
that I really dislike him in note man I really dislike him
and I mean there are things that let's
see I understand them more or less but I don't
fully understand them you say  But why did
they put this turkey there, I mean, this guy
came out of nowhere and they've already taken it
everywhere, I don't know the truth. So, he
has charisma, I don't know, I'm asking
you guys who know more than me, he has a
charisma that he oozes like crazy, not in
live shows, no, and
suddenly my theory is that, my theory is that he
said things that ibai sees everything,
ibai sees everything that's being talked
about him, all the streams that talk about him
and all that stuff, no, and he and ibai would
see it in the morning while he was
eating the toast or the heart of
this juste who also is like a
parasite on his audience because he would put on
like at the same time that iba was there
live he would recommend his live show because he
put on the same title or the same song or
whatever, not the move. It's that I think
that IB was really pissed off by the things
that this guy often made up or
said or whatever, okay because in
fact I've seen ibai many times
freaking out with the news  and exclusives that
J has given that were false and said I'll
give him a cookie I'll talk to him and all that
stuff no and such and there I have it
halfway controlled because you know that
people when they enter the elite they already
talk to each other no I don't know the truth I think it will
go that way no Auron's brother okay he
posted this the other day how
the rats are sinking on their own that I was saying
okay then they say that Karma doesn't exist
okay okay he
posted this the other day when the rebor thing
okay if you're from the elite you have low IQ
well let's see Not necessarily a little yes
a little no also let's see it's not necessarily low IQ
eh It depends on what you
value yourself for example someone who
values ​​​​himself and knows that they depend
only on themselves and if they
kick you out of the elite you would go outside you know the
thing It's
that what's going on
gafa it was probably me Iván it was
probably me with the
pambi issue There was
a lot with the pambi issue a lot and
that type of fools are not allowed here
Yes I have that here Karime I have it I
have it  Okay, well, I put this in
the video on the main channel, in fact,
okay, the other day, yes, it was a mistake, man,
but of course, as many times we
find out about things while we're here
live,
mm many times,
no, no, no, we don't control the strategy,
you know, that happens to us a lot. Well, the other
day, if I had known that this Rebor thing is so big that it's [ __ ] up,
for once
there's something about YouTubers because very
rarely do I choose a topic about YouTubers
to discuss on the main channel, eh. Very
rarely do I discuss topics about YouTubers
on the main channel, man, the thing is
that if I had this topic,
for me to have done it, to not have done it
live that day and to have
directly recorded this great video, man, it
was a really good video. I hope you
liked it. And well, today I uploaded this
about Tram that I had there too,
and such, no, and I have to see it.
I haven't seen it yet, okay. I haven't seen it yet,
then I'll see it. The only thing that I do know is that I've
seen that I put this,
probably by now you've
seen a lot of headlines that claim
that Trump is a criminal.  with
seen what's up my people
we've won no I don't see what's going to be cool say
hello
[ __ ] we're all going to be
partying
if it hadn't been for me I'd have cursed
everything your [ __ ] mother did you
find out besides I was already stiff stiff
as a jerk come on my unemployment benefits had
run out and we were already Tito
short I had to make the
paper tie crochet You know why I didn't
have a [ __ ] one says Rosa Melano Why does
Rosa Melano have your voice because he lived in
the Polgono Norte the [ __ ] goes through it and
then he got carried
away 0 euros in his wallet you know what that is
kid that's not going to
happen again okay but only the one who drinks CR
campo Yeah, whoever drinks can go [ __ ] themselves
[ __ ] damn I'm going to turn this Seville into
a [ __ ] airport that's really good to
see it okay see it watch the
tram video okay then he posted this other
message today okay I do
n't
know I don't know I don't know I really know what he
meant with this  but we're
also going to comment on it okay if I
get another motivational message
about friendship and the values ​​of the man
dressed as Fidel
Castro I'll explain what you mean by
friendship values ​​and honor I'd tell you in
person but you don't go out on the street and it's
probably
worse I'd tell you in person
[ __ ]
[ __ ] really hard
not to think it gives you something to think about let's see
[ __ ] and the photo must mean something must it
be some specific photo it will be to throw
the
photo You know what of course the other
day the rivor pretended that he
defended Auro Juan Guarnizo I don't know
what but look what
Incai posted this tweet that says
the funa started on February 7th Juan
Guarnizo came out in defense of Auron on
February 23rd let's see the
defense Juan You miss
Auron well he's my friend he's
my friend friends and a very tough situation
a very tough situation that was lived
in I don't believe what they just told me
because I don't believe it I can't believe it
But
[Music]
that If that's how it is it's very
strong damn  if that's
so I understand the
anger let's see that there was a rumor but
of course I can't just blurt that out just like that yeah of
course [ __ ] don't believe
it no no let's see Of course that just like that in
the face in the last few days but that
would be very
strong that would be very strong but apart from that it does
n't suit me no in the last few weeks it was
complicated
eh I privately behaved like a
friend it's not impossible to recognize and
applaud applaud things that are neither
applaudable nor anything
eh with Villin as with
Auron I think I know them much much
more than he knows them I think that
like Auron and I like we know Auron and
Vín there are few people capable of knowing them
so much we have
practically lived with them for two
weeks Even if we count all the
vacations we have spent we have lived
together approximately almost two months of
our lives and I know them very well I know that they
are good people I know that mistakes they have
made have changed them
and for me I have to tell you that what
happened was hard it was hard to see
absolutely everything it was
tedious direct and suddenly to give an opinion on
this subject and that is why  I asked them
not to put pressure on me with this
because I thought it was an issue
that needed calm, I needed to
take it
calmly and well the defense inco you have
started to put [ __ ] on me the defense is a
little
good the defense is a little
like for him I don't know I don't see it as much
defense the truth defense was what
other people did for me I don't
know the defense is like Well there are things
that I'm not going to applaud but I know that they are
good people they need time
something like that you can't take with tweezers that
defense and because they have put him in the
compromise for the comments of course